{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \uc0\u19979 \u38754 \u26159 Unit4 \u31532 \u19968 \u27425 tutorial\u23545 \u35805 \u65306 \
Hello, Terry. Right, so I want to know where you're at, progress wise and what your plan is. Yeah. Oh, would you mind if which shares slide? Yeah, yeah. United shares? So it's next to the smiley face. There's a computer with an arrow. If you click on that, it will ask you to select a tab or a screen or a window and you kind of do it that way. Can't see those slice. Yes. Yeah, so #ah. In unit way, we explored, I assisted breast breast cut screening quite boldly so from the feedback last time we try to narrow down to one. Decision moment like this one uniform where we are going. This one moment is proposed focus is AI humour reader disagreement moment. So one of our questions is, yeah, human reader discriminant is a strong enough lead information per point for in full will. will be. Yeah, I think it needs to be fact within the context of that wider East. So you don't lose the context of the system and how system operates and why diagnosis and the kind of radiologist moment is key, all of that stuff's absolutely still relevant within it. What you then do is you've focussed in on a specific like the priority decision moment, which is this disagreement. Okay, that then gives you the kind of focussed intervention moment, but it's in the context of this wider journey. Does that make sense? So right, so you don't lose any of that stuff because that's still super important, but what you do is you explore what that means in the context of that wider journey, right? So you explore it with different models, different prototypes, different kind of service interventions, if you like, and testing and doing that. I think that's, uh, That's big enough. Yeah. So, so narrow focus, but it's you can go deeper. In it. Does that make sense? Treat it like a vertical? So you can go, okay, we've chosen the vertical, which is its idea of disagreement moment. So basically it's decision point. It's a key decision point. These are all the things that that decision point then addresses and why and then how does trust happen? What's the logic? What's the mechanisms, what are the, what's the C's, what's the relationship, like it's, it's got a lot in it, but it's a vertical, it's a narrow focus, so it allows you to get deeper and more practical and more realistic. Yeah? Does that answer your question? Yeah, yeah, it works. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Again, the reason also why we focus on this disagreement, there are some reason also listed from your feedback last time. And like there's conflicting signals, unclear next step, what gets recording and who is account? Exactly. Exactly that. That's why, Jermaine, it's a narrow focus, but as soon as you start exploring it, these things come out and therefore you need to answer them. Right? So it's not a singular moment. It's a it's a process moment, right? It has a free during after. Yeah, that's kind of what you're addressing in this idea of conflict. Next step, who's accountable. What's the record? These are all actors into that decision. Not only is it the context of the decision, but it's the decision over time, yeah? So that's fine. Such a old time. Yeah, we, uh, we also written some. Articles and about about this one is what we we try to connect with the professionals and we said would you mind share about this? Okay, see that you reached out to. Yeah, we got specific people in the aim study. Yeah, we sent it an email. Yeah, I know. Yesterday, I just connect with one of the researchers and and he said he can do the interview today afternoon, so I can share some maybe some questions about it. Okay, that's really good. Does he know anybody else in the aim study that he might be able to connect you with? Um, yes, he is in your, uh, Ms. Study Institute. Yeah. and also publish, um, Q main paper in nature about a bread screen. Okay. Pick them up, not sure. No, no, no, that's fine. So you, in a way then, he's your expert. I was asking for is he might know other people so that it gives you a broader set of, sort of a referral line. like, oh, who else could we talk to? Yeah, yeah. gets you somebody that's, it could, because he's helpful and generous and interested. He might know other people that are helpful, generous. I think one of our question is to, uh, ask him whether he can recommend someone for our, our research. Exactly that. But you're doing a... And so it's also admission. Okay, okay, you know, software. So he's, what's his background? So he's research, so he's, um, but you need to also try and find like a radiologist, right? You need to like No. Like identify the key people that help you work through your focus area, right? So radiologists, if you don't have one, you need to probably try and find somebody. Yeah, and uh, last a few weeks, I tried to reach out to some red artists, but um, most of them taught me they never use AI. No, so I need to follow up with my friend #um. That does have some radiologist, but that spread went quiet so I need to like review it again. So my action is to review that with Alex and see if he can identify a radiologist that is using AI and that's in that like pilot programme. Yeah. Okay, I'll do that. And here is the question. Maybe we were asked in this action. So, do you have some suggestion about it? I think your question set needs, there's 2 things. You need to set context. So like the broad approach that you're doing as a setup into the interview, right? Like a bridge. You also do. Like a content, this, like, you've already, you just reestablishing why you're asking these questions, right? So you're saying we've come from this, we're now focussed on this disagreement moment. Allow the expert to give you their expertise, right? So questions from them is what do you think is the most critical issue? Like, what do you think? What's the risk? You know, questions that give them, Uh, look at their research and see what their research topic and focus is so that you can get, again, information and insights based on what they're actually interested in, how it affects your project. What things are we looking at? What things are we not addressing? Like, what have we, um, missed, you know, what are the gaps or what are the key issues that you think are important? Yeah. So frame questions in those ways that get them talking about what they think the answer is or what they think the issue is or what they think the risk is. Yeah. You know? Do they see the role of radiologists changing? Like is who's responsible? Is it radiologist or is it the technology? Is it the AI? You know, like key, key questions that get you to get to gain insight around the structure and process and antibility and you know what I mean? Like help you answer some of your questions around that decision moment and why it matters. Yeah, and what are the consequences of getting it wrong, what are the consequences of getting it right, and how does trust? Support that decision. Yeah. Like what levels of trust, how would they see in their terms, what would trust mean at that moment? You know, verified information, proof, secondary proof. You know, I don't know. So you think about framing your questions that get you those types of answers. Mm. That makes sense. Yes Okay. So that's great. I'm happy that you've got somebody. Have you got a project plan? Well, it progressed. And no, nothing else. No, no project plan. Oh, yeah, use one in the tech. Yeah. I don't know. Yeah, so I want to know that you created a project plan for unit four, that you've broken your weeks down into tasks, you understand what you're doing every day. Yeah. A fine workplow, made a talk, it worked in through new terms, yeah. Yeah, it's too high levels. So I want to know like key dates, milestones, deadlines, like phases, like, oh, we're going to do research for a week. We're going to do prototyping for a week. Stuff like that. on a tip project plan. Oh, you mean, be more specific? Yes. Yeah. By next week, yeah. So that you're working to something. Uh, so I know that you know what his deadline is. I know that you know you work back from that deadline around what you need to get done by when. Yeah. Mm, I think, um, should we finish all the stuff um, in, uh, before 29th of June? And time. The time is so... Well, this is the nature of the unit. So, I think there's certain things that you, so you need to, a bit like the learning outcomes. You need to make sure that you're hitting all the learning outcomes and that you're generating material that allows you to communicate your project. in different ways. There's different audiences, for assessment is absolutely about the process and learning outcomes demonstrated through the vehicle of your project, right? But for the show, it's communicating your project to a broad audience of people that are going to come and visit the show, right? So it's a, those 2 things might be the same, but they might also be different, right? You're still going to have to do a reflection video and learning video. So that's the submission, because the other things are, um, So pick back from the deliverables, I think back from the type of material you need to generate, and then work back from that. Equally prototyping is that role-playing. So you having people at that moment pretending they're in a radio, like a scanning facility looking at something. you know, what's the type of prototyping that you want to create. Is it is it screens? Is it role-playing? Is it props and other things? Is it storyboarding? Like what ways can you validate the thing that you're creating as a solution, right? And who do you need to validate it with? Is it this expert? Is it the radiologist? Is it a technology firm? Like, start identifying how you want to work, what you need to do, and what type of work, and what shape of project you want this to be, because that will help you then as you move through the weeks, because you've already got a target for what you want to get done. That's my advice. Does that make sense? Or do you understand? Do you understand what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. Yes. It was a bad protocol. Yeah, I think ideally, I mean, if, in terms of our project, I think we need to find a group of radiologists to do the prototype text. Exactly that. Maybe there's a radiologist student, like good people that are learning radiology, maybe target that organisation because they are going to go into a career where AI is in their workflow. Yeah? So go find might be the school of radiologists. I don't know, like go find who's a student. Because they're more likely to help you as well. Right? Yeah. So go find them. No, it is good advice, I think. Yeah. I, I think you, do you mean, like, they'll give you opinions on it as well. Do you know what I mean? again, they're going to be helpful. They're royal, right, artist, or a college of royal, right, right, right. Is there? I don't know. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, that one. Organisation? Yeah, yeah, going towards literally target them today and like, yeah, I also got recommended from someone in a foreign. I participated last week. She told me also of this royal college of, right, artist. Yeah. Yeah, go there. So the actual like immediate task is connect with them and go find some students that you can prototype with an interview. Yeah. Oh, we can try to write out. Probably final year, students might be a problem because they're like busy, but. I mean, depends on if they're like a 4 year course or a 2 year course, like just fine. Find somebody that can help you connect with those students. Mm-hmm. I think that's very going to be very helpful to your project. Yeah, true. You got any questions? Not yet. Not yet, I think yeah, we can prepare for the this afternoon's interview. Yeah, exactly that so get that in and done on. Connect so those those you two priorities. Have that interview? Do that be? Have you know, make that successful? Ask if they're willing to engage. So think about the engagement model with this expert going forward? Are they willing to participate in a workshop? Are they willing to maybe validate your answers once you've designed your service proposition? You know, again? See their willingness to help, right? It's really what you're gauging. Yeah, and then, like I said, next, I want a plan from you by next week. Okay. And your other priorities connect with the Royal College of Radiologists. immediately. Yeah. This is good. I think the focus is correct. I think that you're speaking to the experts, good, I think, that missing peace around radiology students stuff might well just fill gaps. and allow you to actively prototype stuff. You know? almost use case level scenarios. Okay, this is an ambiguous scan. What we do? Oh, this is absolutely cancer. What do you do? This is something else, like what are the edge cases or use cases in the context of your decision moment? You know, things like that that you need to consider. Oh, the AI is down. Okay, what's the human intervention? Yeah, what's the fallback when the system's dead? You got all of the kind of use cases that you need to kind of map out in that decision moment in a way. So human in the loop. Human only. Machine error, all of those things, like. Understand, yeah. Yeah, you mean the loop. Your point, the kind of escalation model is it's human to human and then AI is secondary, right? Yeah, because because AI is a interpretation there. It's not the decision layer. The decision layer is the humans. Right, yeah, AI contribute AI contributes to that decision picture. Actually, cheating air like a silver tool, really from a book, not a team, not a teammate, but a super tool. They also. Yeah, literally that. So you got constraints and frameworks that you need to work within, right? So I think you've got an operational idea of the UX of that in a way. Policies of that, the principles of that. Do you what I mean? Our decisions are made, our human error. Is factored in how do you respond when someone's tired and overworked and has no time and they didn't really look. Yeah, all the non-use scenarios as well. when they might have since, like, is the workflow locked in and it has to be used or is there like a non-use scenario where it's not used? I think you need to just map out the context of this decision moment that gives you the understanding of what states and surfaces you need to create. That's more technical, but it's like that would be the UX side of what you're dealing with in a way. Even if it's your UXing people to people interactions. It doesn't necessarily mean it's a screen. Do you understand? Like you need to work through workflows and use cases and errors, error cases and edge cases. the edge cases when they show up are the things that destroy trust. Shall we create them? Yeah. Shall we create some scenarios to ask for the reaction? Yeah, why not? You could. Think about the focus and maybe judge that first. Mm. Yeah, so you're not overloading this person with too many things. Maybe that's a separate session. Yeah, allow them to give you their knowledge to tell you their point of view, to give you their insights, right? Testing scenarios and stuff is kind of like a workshoppy work session thing. That might work better with the students and stuff. So just think about levels of engagement and type of engagement. Audience and appropriate content. You understand? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Any other questions? Not for me. Is it clear what you need to do? Yeah, you're very clear. Just need the ashes. Yeah, yeah, that's fine, but like, it's good. It's going in the right direction. So keep going. I want the plan by next week, please. Oh yeah, sure. All right, take care. Have fun. Enjoy your interview with this person. Good. Thank you. Thank you. Goodbye. Bye. Bye. My home tissue. Mm-hmm. How quiet?}